people leave the Navy for a variety of reasons. Um, summer just out of
your control. Some are the individual and only intended on joining
and doing four years than moving on because they just wanted something
different. They wanted that experience, and maybe they wanted the
benefits that came with being in the Navy and some of those that they'll
get going out. So you can't feel that you know, you have to try
and keep everyone in service because you have no idea what that person's
ultimate goals and objectives are. Just have to find out what
the what they are and then helped get them to achieve that. Um, other
people leave the Navy because they just got disenchanted with it.
Maybe they had a bad experience and they no longer want to be part
of the organization. And that's unfortunate. Hopefully, you're not the
one that caused that feeling in that individual to where they wanted
to leave the service. But, you know, people leave for a variety
of reasons. Some are controllable, some aren't. You just have to figure
out what motivates everybody on your team and help them get to their
goals that they want to do